The biggest problem in the world right
now is a problem of Donald Trump's
Americas and Israel's own making that is
proving devilishly difficult to solve.
Despite a week's long punishing air
campaign over Iran where the American
and Israeli air forces have enjoyed
complete aerial supremacy that has
obliterated the majority of Iran's air
defenses and missile launch
capabilities, that has killed swaths of
Iran's most senior leadership, and that
has sunk the vast majority of the
tonnage in Iran's surface fleet, which
have all led to Trump repeatedly
claiming victory in this war. The
Americans and Israelis are still failing
to counter Iran's greatest weapon of
all, its ability to shut down the
critical Strait of Hormuz through which
1/5 of the entire global supply of oil
and liquefied natural gas travel
through. There are, in essence, two
different wars currently being waged by
both sides in this conflict that are
both equally lopsided. The first war is
America and Israel's aerial war being
waged against the Islamic Republic that
they are winning. Well, the second war
is Iran's separate war against the
global economy that the Americans and
Israelis are busy losing. From the very
beginning, the Iranian regime knew that
they would never be capable of winning a
conventional war against the
dramatically technologically superior
Americans and Israelis. They knew that
they would have no easy method of
evicting American and Israeli warplanes
from their airspaces, but they also knew
that the Americans would have no easy
method of eliminating their ability to
shut down the Strait of Hormuz, either.
And by extension, no easy method of
removing Iran's capability to wreak
havoc on the global economy as a
pressure point to win both of these wars
on their own terms. The [snorts] Trump
administration, evidently,
catastrophically miscalculated Iran's
willingness and ability to actually do
this and misjudged just how hard it
would be to stop Iran once they did it.
And as a result, America is now
currently trapped in what is rapidly
becoming the biggest foreign policy
mistake since at least the Iraq War in
2003. And the war against Iran now
seriously risks becoming America's
version of Ukraine.
Hormuz is the principal reason why every
US president before Trump, going back to
the Carter administration, [music]
hesitated to ever actually attack
Iranian territory directly. Because,
despite enormous American superiority in
conventional terms over Iran, Iran has
always held the cards when it comes to
geography. Cards that cannot be
countered by technological and aerial
supremacy alone.
Iran doesn't need to block the Strait of
Hormuz in a literal sense. It doesn't
even need a navy to enforce a closure of
it. All it needs to do is to attack
merchant ships sailing through it every
now and then with missiles, drones, and
mines in order to create an atmosphere
of uncertainty, risk, and fear that
leads to merchant vessels simply
refusing to travel through it
altogether, or insurance companies
simply refusing to insure them.
At its narrowest point, the strait is
only 54 km wide and is flanked on both
of its sides by rough mountainous
terrain. The sea lanes that flow through
the center of the strait that tanker
ships transit across are so narrow that
there's only space for two of them, one
running in each direction, that are easy
targets for mines, missiles, and drones.
Moreover, the seas on either side of the
strait for hundreds of kilometers are
well within range of Iranian drones like
the Shahed 136, which has an operating
range of about 1,500 km the Iranians
were estimated to have a supply of in
the ballpark of around 50,000 before
this war began. Sinking all of Iran's
navy, destroying most of its missile
launchers, and killing most of its
senior leadership all do not prevent
Iran from being able to weaponize its
geography and keep the strait de facto
closed, something that every single
presidential administration has been
well aware of. And every single day it
remains closed, it builds up pressure on
the global economy and pressure on the
Americans to end the war on Iran's own
terms.
Every single day that the strait remains
closed, 1/5 of the global supply of oil
and gas that comes collectively from
countries like Iraq, Kuwait, Saudi
Arabia, Bahrain, Qatar, and the UAE
effectively remains blocked off from the
global market with few exceptions, like
Saudi Arabia and the UAE's oil pipelines
that can divert some of their own
supplies. But, that's an option that
doesn't exist at all for Iraq, Kuwait,
Bahrain, or Qatar.
The International Energy Agency has
already labeled this situation as the
largest oil supply shock ever on record,
which has already led to oil prices
rising by more than 40% since the war
began and gas prices in Europe rising by
more than 70%. [music]
As the price of oil and gas rises, the
cost of business that companies around
the world have to pay for in fuel and
power rise along with them, which raises
inflation as they inevitably pass those
increased base costs onto their
consumers. Because of this relationship,
the general guideline that many
economists subscribe to is that every
$10 increase in the price of a barrel of
oil eventually results in a rise of 0.3
to 0.4 percentage points to overall
inflation.
Before the war, oil was hovering at
around $60 a barrel. And since it's
already risen up to about $100 a barrel
since then because of the Hormuz
closure, the inflation rate in America
and Europe might eventually climb back
to over 4% again, last seen back in 2023
during the Biden administration.
>> [music]
>> And if the price of oil continues rising
even higher, assuming the loss of supply
through Hormuz remains in place,
inflation rates climbing back to 5% and
even 6% are possible if oil hits $140 a
barrel, which will be very politically
dangerous for Trump and the Republican
Party to deal with after having
ostensibly run on a platform in 2024
that promised to lower prices and keep
the country out of foreign wars. If the
price of oil manages to climb up to $140
a barrel if the closure remains in place
through the end of April, a recent study
published by Oxford Economics suggests
that the global economy may well tip
over into a mild recession.
And even if the strait was opened up
immediately, the negative consequences
caused to the global economy will last
for months afterwards. [music]
It'll take weeks for the Gulf states to
restart their mothballed oil and gas
production again. While Qatar's
supermassive Ras Laffan LNG production
site, which alone produces nearly 1/5 of
the global supply of LNG, will take
between 3 and 5 years to repair and get
back to full production, according to
the country's energy ministry. After an
Iranian missile blew up about 17% of its
total capacity,
>> [music]
>> which is equivalent to about 3% of the
total global supply.
Once most production is restarted after
several weeks, it'll then take several
more weeks for most of the world's
tanker fleet to actually get back into
position in the Gulf again. Since most
of them that were fortunate enough to be
outside of the Gulf at the time the war
began, have already moved on to other
markets, like the route between North
America and China. Then, once the crude
oil is transported by the tankers to
refineries largely across Asia that have
similarly been shut down, it'll take
weeks more worth of time to get those
refineries back up and running again,
too. All in all, even after the combat
around Hormuz eventually ends, it'll
likely take at least four more months
for the global oil and gas market to
actually return back to any sort of
normalcy again. And the longer the
strait remains closed, the further out
into the future that return back to
normalcy becomes, and the greater the
spectre of global inflation and possible
recession becomes. Iran actually has the
easier path to victory in this war. All
that it must do in order to win is to
endure and survive just long enough for
the pressure it is putting on the global
economy through Hormuz to become
unbearable. While America and Israel
have to either topple its government,
destroy its military capabilities to the
extent that it can no longer threaten
Hormuz, or put boots down on the ground
to secure Hormuz in a ground campaign.
After massive American and Israeli air
strikes have pummeled the country for
more than a month now, the Islamic
Republic's regime still remains intact,
and if anything, has only grown even
more hardline than it was before. Before
the launching of the war, the supreme
leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei was
nearing 87 years old and was known to be
in ill health. It was possible that
after his looming and natural death, the
regime may have shifted toward a more
conciliatory [music] and pragmatic
posture aimed at improving their
economic conditions and their own
long-term survival. But now, by having
killed the supreme leader violently
through a missile strike, and forcing
their leadership transition to take
place under the enormous pressure of
this war, the regime quickly coalesced
behind the old supreme leader's son,
Mojtaba Khamenei, who by all accounts is
an even more hardline figure than his
father was, with very close ties to the
country's IRGC, its hardline ideological
military wing. With American and Israeli
forces having now killed his father, his
mother, his wife, and his son, and
reportedly injuring him personally since
the war began, he inevitably will not be
in any kind of a mood to negotiate while
he still remains in power. The Americans
and Israelis apparently went into this
war believing that they could rapidly
overthrow the Iranian regime through
overwhelming air power alone, before
they could actually manage to block
Hormuz. A miscalculation that is
increasingly echoing Russia's belief
they had in 2022, that they could
similarly rapidly overthrow the
Ukrainian government in only three days
worth of intense military operations.
And like the war in Ukraine has become,
the war in Iran is rapidly devolving
into a war of attrition between which
side can outlast the other longer. It is
obvious at this point that air power
alone will not compel the Iranian regime
into collapse, nor will it fully degrade
Iran's capability to keep Hormuz closed.
Bombs cannot alter geography, and while
the war is resulting in significant
destruction of Iran's military
capabilities, it is also sapping
America's military strength from other
critical theaters. America does not have
unlimited weapons of all kinds of times.
According to a recent analysis that was
conducted by the Payne Institute of
Public Policy in Colorado, the US
military used up more than 11,000
munitions of different types in just the
first 16 days of the war on Iran. More
than in any other Western military
campaigns than the 2003 invasion of
Iraq. Among these have been more than
850 Tomahawk cruise missiles, each one
costing nearly $4 million.
That's more than $3 billion just in
Tomahawk cruise missiles burned through
in weeks. They potentially represent
about a quarter of America's entire
stockpile of Tomahawks that existed
before the start of the war. Even worse,
the Defense Department originally
budgeted on acquiring just 57 new
Tomahawks across 2026.
More than 140 Patriot interceptor
missiles and 150 THAAD interceptor
missiles were also fired by US forces in
the opening days of the war. With
inventories that were already known to
be running low.
>> [music]
>> The Defense Department has not received
any additional deliveries of THAAD
interceptors in years since 2023.
They weren't expecting any more in 2026,
and they were only expecting to receive
another 39 of them for next year in
2027.
Well, they also already used up about a
quarter of their THAAD stockpiles in
2025 protecting Israel from missile
strikes during the 12-day war in June.
Replacing all of these expended
munitions will take years and tens of
billions of dollars to accomplish. While
the US Navy is increasingly beginning to
run on literal fuse. The Gerald R. Ford
aircraft carrier that was deployed to
the theater to conduct these attacks has
been continually at sea on deployment
now for more than 280 days after it was
previously deployed to Venezuela in
order to carry out the Maduro operation
and was then almost immediately
redeployed to the Middle East. By the
middle of this month in April, it will
surpass the record for the longest
continuous carrier deployment since the
Vietnam War and the stress on it is
already mounting. In March, a fire broke
out on the carrier that burned the beds
for more than 600 sailors on board and
crew fatigue is becoming apparent. The
Defense Department has already requested
additional funding of 200 billion
dollars from Congress to continue
fighting this war and to replenish its
used up ammunition stockpiles. But
there's no guarantee that Congress will
approve of such a mammoth request that
will pile on even further to the
ballooning national debt. Continuing the
air war in Iran is only going to
continue burning up increasingly
precious assets that many in the top US
military brass would rather husband away
for a potential conflict with China in
the Western Pacific. There will
increasingly be fewer and fewer actually
important targets to hit and they will
do nothing to help the US win the
separate war that Iran is waging on the
global economy. They will not remove the
Iranian regime and they will not
eliminate Iran's geo- graphic ability to
keep shutting down the Strait of Hormuz.
Iran knows all of this [music] and
that's why they'll continue demanding
favorable terms to end the war so long
as they can keep Hormuz shut. All of
this leaves Trump and America in a very,
very difficult position now. Trump
basically only has three equally
unpalatable options now. He can
negotiate while Iran holds the leverage
over the Strait of Hormuz, which means
that Iran will demand favorable terms
that will make the war look like a
defeat for America. He can do nothing
and watch the global economy continue
getting worse, which he will be blamed
for. Even declaring the war over with
Iran still blocking the Strait of
Hormuz, will make it appear like he's
doing nothing as the global economy
continues worsening. Or he can attempt
to double down on this gamble and
attempt to remove Iran's leverage by
forcing open the Strait of Hormuz
through an escalatory ground campaign,
which seems increasingly likely as the
option that's actually going to happen.
Launching a full-scale ground invasion
into Iran is an unbelievably
unattractive option. The country is
shielded by towering mountain ranges
along its frontiers like the Zagros and
the Elburz and the high plateau running
between them that have defended Iran
against foreign invasions for thousands
of years. Take the example and precedent
of America's last full-scale invasion of
another country, the 2003 invasion of
neighboring Iraq. That campaign involved
about 300,000
US soldiers for the initial ground
invasion and then required a peak of
about 160,000 soldiers to actually
occupy the country. Geographically
speaking, Iraq was nearly 1/4 the size
of Iran and had less than a third of
Iran's modern population. If you simply
adjusted the numbers of troops required
for Iraq to Iran's current size and
population, you would likely need an
invasion force of more than 1 million
soldiers and an occupation force of at
least 560,000
soldiers. Comparable to the peak size of
US forces in Vietnam in 1968. [music]
In order to launch a ground campaign in
Iran aimed at removing the regime, Trump
would have to commit America to at least
a Vietnam-level conflict that would
inevitably lead to a return of the draft
again. So that's almost certainly off of
the table for now. What is almost
certainly being put on the table, at
least for now, however, is a limited
ground campaign to try and remove Iran's
ability to keep the Strait of Hormuz
closed, or to acquire additional
leverage outside of Hormuz. Actually
removing Iran's ability to threaten
Hormuz will be a daunting and
significant military challenge that will
fall just short of a full-scale
invasion. Iran's coastline across the
Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman is
long and rugged and stretches for more
than 2,400 km, about the same distance
as New York City is from [music]
Houston. It is full of caves, bunkers,
tunnels, and coves that house Iranian
military assets like drones and mines
that can be deployed to keep the strait
shut. The US and Israel have been
attempting to blow up all of these sites
through air power, but fully eliminating
them will require an actual
on-the-ground presence. Iran controls
multiple smaller islands within and
around the strait that enable it to
sustain its pressure. And Iran doesn't
even really need to control any of its
own coastline in order to continue
applying that pressure. It just needs to
keep up the atmosphere of fear and risk
in the strait. Meaning that even if they
lost their coastline, they could just
keep firing any of their thousands of
drones into the strait from even
hundreds of kilometers away from deep
within their interior. Fully crushing
Iran's capability to weaponize the
strait would require absolute maritime
and likely ground dominance all across
southern Iran and all of the islands
Iran controls within and around the
strait, and advanced air defense systems
put in a place to block any incoming
drones coming in from the interior.
Therefore, Trump may commit to lesser
operations first to try and crack Iran's
resolve without committing all the way
to cracking open Hormuz itself. One
option that's potentially on the table
is to try and capture Iran's supply of
highly enriched uranium that they
developed before the 12-day war last
year. If successful, this would give
Trump the ability to claim some kind of
a victory in the war by firmly
eliminating Iran's ability to develop a
nuclear weapon in the short term, since
it would mean that they would have to
start the enrichment process all over
again. But even this operation would be
very challenging. Iran is believed to
have around 400 kg worth of this highly
enriched uranium currently stored in
tunnels deep below their nuclear
research site in Isfahan, hundreds of
kilometers deep within the Iranian
interior. This uranium is currently
[music] in its gaseous form that will be
very difficult to move, and it's
uncertain how the American forces might
be expected to gain access to it, since
the tunnels leading to it were buried by
the bunker buster bombs the Americans
dropped on them last year. The US would
have to send a special forces raid deep
in a hostile territory just to even get
there. And unlike the Venezuela
operation to capture Maduro, they would
have to travel far, far longer and
further through hostile territory, and
they wouldn't have the same element of
surprise, either, since the Iranians are
almost certainly expecting this. Thus,
this option is very, very risky, and
even if it was successful, it would do
nothing to stop Iran's ability to just
keep blocking Hormuz, which means it
probably wouldn't end the war despite
the risk. The more discussed option is
for the Americans to try and seize Kharg
Island instead. A small island just off
southwestern Iran whose oil
infrastructure handles more than 90% of
Iran's crude oil exports. And because
Iran isn't shooting at their own tanker
ships, their own oil trade through
Hormuz has remained largely unrestricted
thus far into the war.
>> [music]
>> In theory, seizing control over Kharg
Island would be an easier operation than
attempting to seize Iran's highly
enriched uranium supply. It's on the
periphery of Iran's borders and would
not [music] require launching an
operation hundreds of kilometers deep in
a hostile territory. It's relatively
nearby to already existing US military
bases just across the Gulf in Kuwait
that can be used as staging grounds for
amphibious and airborne assaults, and
seizing it is almost certainly well
within the capability of the US
military.
Trump would likely want to see Kharg
Island seized in order to take control
of virtually all of Iran's oil export
capacity, which funds around 40% of the
Iranian government's budget, and to then
use that control as a bargaining chip to
pressure Iran into ending its blockade
of Hormuz. The possible deal would be to
return Kharg Island's control back to
Iran in exchange for Iran opening Hormuz
back up or surrendering on other terms
that Trump could then present as [music]
at least some kind of a victory. The
problem is that that's probably just not
how this is actually all going to go
down.
The battle for Kharg Island is not going
to be like the operation to seize
Maduro. The US military is going to be
fighting to seize and control territory
on the ground, and casualties,
potentially even significant casualties,
are possible. Kharg Island is within
range of Iranian artillery from the
mainland and well within range of Iran's
kamikaze drones from just about anywhere
in the country. While the battle for the
island's control has a high chance of
wrecking the island's oil
infrastructure, the Trump has so far
resisted attacking precisely out of the
fear that damaging it will cause global
oil prices to spiral even further out of
control. The Americans would almost
certainly be capable of seizing it, but
the operation has a high probability of
damaging or destroying the island's oil
infrastructure, raising oil prices
higher, and could possibly result in
high casualties. It's not even clear
that taking the island at all is
remotely prudent or even logical from a
strategic perspective. The Trump
administration has been so alarmed by
the blockage of oil out of Hormuz that
Iran has caused that they've even lifted
US sanctions on some Iranian oil in
order to guarantee that Iran's oil
supply can still actually make it out to
global markets in order to assuage some
of the lost supply from other Persian
Gulf states, which of course is directly
helping to fund Iran's ability to just
continue blocking the strait. Taking
Kharg Island and severing Iran's oil
from the market completely would then,
of course, remove all of it from the
global market, which would just make the
price of oil even worse and exacerbate
Trump's original dilemma. Even worse,
taking the island would do absolutely
nothing to stop Iran from still managing
to block the Strait of Hormuz.
Kharg Island is located hundreds of
kilometers away from the strait, [music]
and its loss would have no impact on
Iran's stockpiles of drones and mines
and its ability to continue threatening
ships moving through the strait. The
same logic of attritional warfare would
exist even if the US took control of
Kharg Island. Yes, it would eliminate
Iran's oil exports and deny the regime
the largest source of its funding, but
Iran's leaders would likely still reason
that they could continue outlasting the
Americans by keeping the strait closed.
Again, even if they can just manage to
keep the strait closed through the end
of April and into May, a timeline that
might accelerate even further if their
own oil supply to the world market gets
knocked offline as well, there is a good
chance that they can begin triggering a
mild recession in Western economies that
will add even further pressure on Trump
leading into the US midterm elections in
November.
The other operation that might actually
be required to break open Hormuz again
without negotiating on Iran's favorable
terms is a large combined arms operation
within the strait itself. Over the past
couple of weeks, [music] the US military
has been heavily bombarding this
coastline. A-10 Warthogs and other
low-flying attack planes have made
repeated strafing runs against Iranian
[music] speedboats and mine-laying
vessels. Well, they've even been
dropping huge 5,000-lb bunker buster
bombs on Iranian coastal bunkers that
are believed to store anti-ship missiles
and sea drones. But permanently ending
Iran's threat inevitably will require at
least some boots down on the ground.
Other than the highly enriched uranium
and Kharg Island options that have
dubious strategic value, another
operation that the US military is
apparently considering is the seizure of
critical islands in and around [music]
the Strait of Hormuz itself that are
currently controlled by Iran. The most
likely and politically justifiable
islands they could seize are located
just to the west of the strait, Abu Musa
and the two Tunb islands, Greater Tunb
and Lesser Tunb. These islands are
currently controlled by Iran, but are
more politically feasible and
justifiable to seize because their
sovereignty is disputed with the UAE.
Back in 1971, only months after the
British withdrew from these small
islands, the Imperial State of Iran
under the Shah's regime unilaterally
seized control over them, while two
small UAE predecessor emirates on the
Arabian side, the Emirate of Ras
al-Khaimah and the Emirate of Sharjah,
claimed them as well. After these two
emirates joined with the greater UAE,
the UAE inherited their territorial
disputes over these islands with Iran.
And Iran continued maintaining their
control over them after the 1979 Islamic
Revolution. The dispute over the islands
never went away and has been simmering
beneath the surface for decades now. The
UAE has repeatedly sought legal avenues
to advance their claims to the islands
over the years. But now, during the fury
and unpredictability of war and
America's interest in breaking Iran's
siege of Hormuz, could it be possible
for the US military to launch amphibious
operations into the islands under the
banner of liberating them and then
handing them over to the UAE's control?
Control over the islands could enable
the deployment of short-range air
defenses to be set up on them to help
protect tanker traffic, which could
complicate Iran's angles of attack into
the strait. [music] And if that still
doesn't crack the strait open, there are
further options potentially on the
table, like seizing Iran's much larger
Qeshm Island that's within the Strait of
Hormuz itself. Or, most ambitious of
all, attempting to take control over
sections of the southern coast of Iran
itself. All of which will be massively
escalatory, massively costly in terms of
both resources and blood, and still
[music]
probably wouldn't actually prevent Iran
from being able to just keep on barring
the Strait with their drones from deeper
in the interior. Which means all of
[music] this still might not even open
the Strait anyway.
The US has talked about using its navy
to escort tankers through the Strait in
order to restore stability. But even
that is a lot more difficult than it
seems. Convoys would need plenty of
drones, helicopters, and fighters flying
as protection above, along with airborne
warning and control aircraft help target
incoming Iranian drones and missiles.
Because of how narrow the Strait is,
each two tankers transiting through the
Strait would likely require one
destroyer to escort them through under
all of this aerial cover above them.
With America's current assets in the
region as of early April, there are
technically 14 destroyers available, but
since six of them are already
preoccupied with protecting America's
carriers, there's really only eight of
them in the theater that could
conceivably be used for escort missions.
Redeploying additional destroyers to the
theater for these missions will take
additional weeks of time and continue
[music] sapping American military power
from other critical theaters like the
Western Pacific. Escort missions will be
expensive, will likely continue using up
increasingly scarce stockpiles of
interceptors, and would potentially be
an open-ended mission with no clear end
in sight.
During the Iran-Iraq War in the 1980s
amidst similar attacks on commercial
shipping in the Persian Gulf, the US
Navy similarly escorted tankers through
the Strait of Hormuz for about 14 months
and used more than 30 of their warships
at a time to do so. Whether or not Trump
has the patience or not to commit to an
operation of similar length and scope
today is just about anybody's guess.
[music]
And that's even assuming that tankers
would have captains and insurance
policies still willing to transit
through what would essentially remain a
gauntlet, which is of course far from
certain. [music]
Now that the war has lasted longer than
a month and long enough for the Iranians
to survive and shut down the Strait of
Hormuz, Trump's gamble in attacking them
before they could actually do this has
failed. And America is now left with no
good options remaining. The war has
expanded beyond America's control now.
And even if they wanted to simply walk
away from it and cut their losses, Iran
could just continue keeping the strait
closed and harming the global economy
until they actually get the concessions
from America that they're currently
demanding. Walking away now and doing
nothing without fixing the mess in
Hormuz is simply not possible, meaning
that the only other two choices are
either conceding to Iran's demands or
escalating the war with any of the
various of boots on the ground to try
and [music] force Hormuz open. Neither
of which are particularly attractive
choices that will both be very unpopular
decisions. [music] There is no good path
forward in what was meant to be a quick
war that devolves into an attritional
war, just like what Russia has faced in
Ukraine for more than four years now.
Which is why I argue that this war
against Iran is quickly turning to
America's Ukraine.
This whole situation is rapidly becoming
a mess of monumental proportions that'll
be extremely difficult to figure out.
But something that thankfully is figured
out right now, on the other hand, is
what you should watch next or at least
put on your list. And that's my Modern
Conflict Series. Modern Conflict is a
Nebula Original Series, meaning that it
exists only on the streaming service
that myself and a whole bunch of other
creators put together called Nebula.
It's a show that explores the history
and legacies of modern wars, conflicts,
and battles, including many episodes
covering more of America's long history
of previous armed interventions in the
Middle East. Like the 2003 invasion of
Iraq, the 20-year long occupation of
Afghanistan, the final campaign of the
Taliban that catapulted it back into
power again in 2021, the raid in a
Pakistan that killed Osama bin Laden,
NATO's intervention in Libya against
Muammar Gaddafi in 2011, the attack on
the US Embassy at Benghazi, the
shootdown of Black Hawk military
helicopters over Mogadishu, Somalia,
along with literally dozens and dozens
of other episodes I produced over the
years, in addition to my separate Mad
King series, which explores the darker
histories of some of modern history's
most well-known dictators. Like other
recent historical figures who were
overthrown during US military
interventions like Saddam's son, Uday
Hussein, and other episodes covering the
reigns of North Korea's Kim Il Sung and
Kim Jong Il, and how they were actually
able to avoid a US intervention.
These are my own projects that you can
watch next. But there's also just so
much good stuff on Nebula from other
creators right now that you can watch,
too. There's Tom Scott's England series,
following Tom as he road trips through
every county in England and covers
something interesting in every single
one of them. There's Day Pass, hosted by
Jason from Not Just Bikes, that explores
the world through the lens of public
transportation down on the ground.
There's Patrick Willems' latest short
film, The Dinner Plan, featuring big
names like Griffin Newman and Zack
Cherry. There's Abolish Everything, our
new comedy debate premise recorded live
in New York. We have Scav, a donkey
series produced by the Wendover
Productions and Jetlag folks, tracing
the incredible drama and unfoldings of
the world's largest annual scavenger
hunt hosted at the University of
Chicago. And Oldest and Newest Places by
Joe Scott, a full-length feature
documentary exploring the oldest and
newest rocks on the planet and what it
takes to actually visit them. I can
honestly just keep going and going, but
just believe me when I say that with
every month that goes by, the Nebula
catalog keeps getting deeper, making
becoming a subscriber even better. But
we also need you to help keep this whole
cycle going.
And best of all, we have a great deal
running right now when you use my link
down in the description below on
nebula.tv/reallifelore.
Or if you scan the QR code or click the
button here on your screen, where you'll
get a whole 50% off of an annual Nebula
subscription, which will bring the whole
cost for you down to just $30 for the
entire year or $2.5 per month. A small
fraction of the price of other streaming
services. As other streamers keep
raising their prices, this is an awesome
deal. And if you want to sign up for a
lifetime subscription to Nebula and just
never deal with a monthly subscription
ever again, you can go in for 40% off
right now for $300 as well. So, give us
a shot and thank you so much for
supporting not only my channel, but all
of the hundreds of other creators who
are busy building Nebula with their own
awesome content as well. And as always,
thank you so much for watching.